docs(changelog): changelog 2022-12-29 (#1145)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/storage/december2022/2022-12-22-added-observability.mdx

---
title: The integration of Object Storage metrics in our Observability solution is now available!
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #object-storage channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2022-12-22
category: storage
product: object-storage
---

> You can now monitor your Buckets usage metrics in Scaleway's Observability solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now monitor your buckets' usage metrics with Scaleway's Observability solution.
```
